Power BI for raw exports and other fixes (#878)
microsoft/finops-toolkit: docs/_reporting/power-bi/README.md

   - The connector uses existing raw cost data APIs and cannot scale to data sizes beyond $5M<sup>1</sup>.
   - Due to the size constraints, the connector will be phased out by the Cost Management team starting in 2024.
   - The APIs do not include some key columns for savings plans, like the BenefitId/Name columns. All costs are covered but not always easily identifiable.

> 2. For costs under $2-5M/month (~$65M total)<sup>2</sup> that need savings plan data, you can use raw exports with Power BI.

Author: ```suggestion
2. For costs under $1-3M/month (~$40M total)<sup>2</sup> that need savings plan data, you can use raw exports with Power BI.
```

> 2. For costs under $2-5M/month (~$65M total)<sup>2</sup> that need savings plan data, you can use raw exports with Power BI.

Author: ```suggestion
2. For costs under $1M/month (~$13M total)<sup>2</sup> that need savings plan data, you can use raw exports with Power BI.
```

In general, we recommend starting with the Cost Management connector when getting started with Power BI reports. The most common reasons to switch to FinOps hubs are for additional account types and scopes or to enable more advanced capabilities. Use the following comparison to help you make the decision:

| Capabilities                                        |            Connector             |             Exports              |           FinOps hubs            | Microsoft Fabric<sup>1</sup> |
| --------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------: | :------------------------------: | :------------------------------: | :--------------------------: |

> | Cost (based on list prices)                         |                $0                |           ~$10 per $1M           |           ~$25 per $1M           |             TBD              |

Author: ```suggestion
| Cost (based on list prices)                         |                $0                |           ~$23 per $1M           |           ~$25 per $1M           |             TBD              |
```

| Resource groups                                     |                ❌                 |                ✅                 |                ✅                 |              ✅               |
| Supports savings plans<sup>4</sup>                  |                ❌                 |                ✅                 |                ✅                 |              ✅               |
| Supports savings plan recommendations               |                ❌                 |                ❌                 |                🔜                 |              🔜               |
| Supports multiple scopes                            |                ❌                 |                ✅                 |                ✅                 |              ✅               |
| Supports scopes in different tenants<sup>5</sup>    |                ❌                 |          ❌<sup>5</sup>           |                ✅                 |         ✅ (via Hubs)         |
| Faster data load times                              |                ❌                 |                🔜                 |                ✅                 |         ✅ (via Hubs)         |

> | Supports >$65M in cost details                      |                ❌                 |                ❌                 |             🔜 (0.6)              |              ✅               |
> | Analytical engine                                   |                ❌                 |                ❌                 |             🔜 (0.6)              |              ✅               |

Author: ```suggestion
| Supports >$65M in cost details                      |                ❌                 |                ❌                 |                🔜                  |              ✅               |
| Analytical engine                                   |                ❌                 |                ❌                 |                🔜                  |              ✅               |
```
